feat: Add TypeScript definitions (#9693)
parse-community/parse-server: CONTRIBUTING.md

* Mocks belong in the `spec/support` folder.
* Please consider if any changes to the [docs](http://docs.parseplatform.org) are needed or add additional sections in the case of an enhancement or feature.

#### TypeScript Tests

> Type tests are located in [/types/tests.ts](/types/tests.ts) and are responsible for ensure types generated for each class is behaving as expected. Types must be generated using `npm run build:types` and should not be manually changed. These types are `.d.ts` files located in [/types](/types). *Note: Any type changes to `src/Options/index.js` should be manually updated in `types/Options/index.d.ts`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type tests are located in [/types/tests.ts](/types/tests.ts) and are responsible for ensuring that the type generation for each class is behaving as expected. Types are generated by manually running the script `npm run build:types`. The generated types are `.d.ts` files located in [/types](/types) and must not be manually changed after generation.

> [!CAUTION]
> An exemption are type changes to `src/Options/index.js` which must be manually updated in `types/Options/index.d.ts`, as these types are not generated via a script.
```

> When developing type definitions you can use `npm run watch:ts` in order to rebuild your changes automatically upon each save.
> 
> Use `npm run test:types` in order to run types tests against generated `.d.ts` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing type definitions you can run `npm run watch:ts` in order to rebuild your changes automatically upon each save. Use `npm run test:types` in order to run types tests against generated `.d.ts` files.
```
